What are the programmes offered in UM?	UM offers various programmes from foundation to postgraduate level as listed in the Programmes Offered. For further details, please refer to the UM official website https://study.um.edu.my/

What is UM Open Channel (SATU)?	The UM Open Channel (SATU) is an alternative channel for citizens to enter the Bachelor's program at the Universiti Malaya (UM) without going through the UPU application system. Entry requirements through the SATU channel are the same as the entry requirements through the Perdana channel (UPU).

If my application was not successful, how do I know the reason of the rejection? For justification of rejection, you may email to the Admission and Registration Division (bkp_aasd@um.edu.my) or your relevant Faculty/ Academy.

May I appeal on my unsuccessful application? The University’s decision is final. However, you may apply and submit the other programs offered by the University.

What type of payment can be accepted and how will the payment be processed? We accept payments methods through FPX, Credit Card and Debit Card which will be processed within 24 hours. Payment made through Flywire it will take about seven (7) working days to process.

How do I know if my application has been successfully submitted? Upon successful payment of the processing fees, you will receive an application confirmation email notification via the registered email.Applicants can refer to the infographic provided at https://umsitsguide.um.edu.my/applicant/guides_app/guides_admission_0001_app.html.

Can I submit two (2) applications for the same program within the same semester? Candidates are not allowed to submit more than one application for the same program within the same semester.

Where can I check the entry requirements for the program I want to apply for?Applicants can check the admission requirements for the program they wish to apply for through the link https://study.um.edu.my/download-brochures

Can I apply through the SATU channel without SPM and MUET qualifications?  Yes, you can apply through the SATU channel without SPM qualifications if the program you're applying for does not require SPM as a specific requirement. As for English proficiency qualifications, you can apply without the MUET qualification. However, upon successful admission to the program, you are required to take or retake the MUET and SPM exams within one year (for MUET) and two years (for SPM) from admission and attain the required scores. Failure to do so may result in the revocation of your admission. 

Where can I find information about the tuition fees for the program offered through the SATU channel?	Information on tuition fees for programs offered via the SATU channel are on study.um.edu.my (https://ebook.um.edu.my/MRC/Brochures/1_UG_SATU_2023/). The tuition fee rates in the brochure covers the entire academic year but does not include Residential College fees. Please note that the fees are subject to change from time to time based on approval of the relevant committee.

I am an international applicant interested in continuing my studies at the Bachelor's level. Where can I find information about tuition fees for the programs offered?	Information on tuition fees for international candidates for Bachelor program are on the website https://study.um.edu.my/programmes.php?act=3#senarai

While filling up the application form, I found that the name of the institution/school is not in the list provided. How do I add the name of the institution/school?If the name of your institution/school is not listed, please send the Academic Transcript and Completion of Study Certificate to us at the email address bkp_aasd@um.edu.my.BKP Division will update the information in the system and will give the response back through the e-mail sent.

When the application was submitted, I did not have English results. Is it allowed? Only complete applications will be screened and processed by the Committee. Incomplete applications will be rejected.

Can the processing fee payment that has been made, be refunded?	All processing fee payments made are non-refundable.

Why does my application shows "Pending Submission" even though I have made the "Processing Fee" payment? Applicants need to click the "Submit" button after the payment has been made.

When can I know the result of my application? Each online application will be processed within 5 working days. Successful applicants will be notified via email.

If my application is unsuccessful, can I request for a refund? No, the processing fee is NON-REFUNDABLE, regardless of the application status.
How can I submit additional documents after I have already submitted my application?To submit additional documents after submission of application, please follow these steps:

•	Email the documents to bkp_aasd@um.edu.my.
•	Ensure that you include your applicant ID in the email. You can find your applicant ID on the application portal MAYA.

The Admission and Registration Division will upload the documents to your application on portal MAYA.
I have already accepted an offer through the SATU channel. Later, I received an offer through UPU. Can I change the current program mode from SATU (ST) to UPU (CV)? You are not allowed to change the program mode to CV if you have enrolled through the SATU channel.
I have accepted the conditional offer. However, I am unable to submit the English results within the specified period. Can I appeal? No appeals will be considered. All candidates who have receive the conditional offer letter must submit their English results by the specified deadline. Failure to do so will cause your conditional offer letter to lapse.

Can I reapply for the same programme when I quit or failed or terminated from?	Yes. For research mode programme, candidate may apply for the same program but in different field of research and different supervisor(s). However, the University has the right to accept or reject the readmission. 

Why is the "Self-Enrolment" button not available on my MAYA Portal? For the "Self-Enrolment" button to be made available, you must complete the steps below:

1) to click the "Accept Offer Letter" button;
2) Complete the EGMS requirement (International only);
3) Complete the "Student Card Consent"; and
4) Students will be redirected automatically to the SISWAMail portal (http://siswamail.um.edu.my) to create a new account

After completing these steps, you can complete your registration by clicking the "Self-Enrolment" button.
I received offer letters for admission from both the UPU and SATU channels. Why can't I accept the offer letter via the SATU channel? If you have already accepted the offer via the UPU channel, the offer from the SATU channel will automatically lapse. As such, you must request to withdraw from the program offered through the UPU channel via the MAYA Portal. Once your withdrawal is approved by the respective Faculty, then you will be able to accept the offer letter via the SATU channel.

How do I apply for deferment of the programme? Please submit your application to your respective Faculty/ Academy, through email. Once approved, the Faculty/ Academy will then submit this application to the Admission and Registration Division. The Admission and Registration Division will generate a new offer letter for the student in the MAYA portal. The student is only allowed to apply for deferment for a maximum of two (2) semesters only (approval by the Dean of the Faculty/ Academy)

I have received the offer letter but have not completed the acceptance process within the specified period. Can I send an appeal for the extension of the period? As stated in the attachment of the offer letter, candidates must complete the acceptance of the offer within fourteen (14) days from the date of offer letter.For candidates who request for extension, the appeal application can be submitted to the Admissions and Registration Division with a strong justification to the email bkp_aasd@um.edu.my
I just received the offer letter and attachment for the Remote Learning (RL) or Open Distance Learning (ODL) program at Universiti Malaya. Do I need to go a medical examination?	No, medical check-up is not necessary for RL & ODL programs.

When will get I information regarding residential college i.e placement details? You will be notified by the Student Affairs Department (JHEP) regarding residential college upon getting an offer letter.

I am a student who has received scholarship for studies at Foundation UM up to the bachelor's level. If I want to apply for another scholarship for my bachelor's studies, will I incur any charges or penalties? Matters regarding exchange of scholarships or penalty charges should be consulted with the Sponsor or Student Services Division (Sponsored Unit-BP)/ Bursary. 

Can I apply for a PTPTN loan for admission through the SATU channel? Yes, you may apply for a PTPTN loan.

Will candidates who apply for admission through UM's Open Channel (SATU) get a place in the residential college throughout the study period?	First-year students of the UM Bachelor's program from either the Perdana or SATU channels will be provided with accommodation at the residential college.

Will lecture/tutorial classes for the Bachelor program be held on weekends? For Bachelor program students, classes are usually held from Monday to Friday, 8.00 am to 6.00 pm (Please refer to the timetable provided by faculty).

I am a new student. Can I apply for a temporary Matric Card to make it easier for me to access the facilities offered on the UM campus? (Example: Library). You can get a Virtual Student Card in the UM Touch app. The benefits of this digital student card such as:
 
•	Verification of your UM student identity;
•	Convenient display within the UM Touch app;
•	Access to library services;
•	Utilization for bus services; and
•	Backup identification for students in case of the loss of KPS card.
